# Ecommerce-
-- Text instructions:  -- *Load large CSV files into MySQL Database faster using Command line prompt -- 1. Open MySQL Workbench, Create a new database to store the tables you'll import (eg- FacilitySerivces). -- Then, Create the table with matching data types of csv file, usually with INT and CHAR datatypes only (without the data) in the database you just created using Workbench. -- 2. Open the terminal or command line prompt (Go to windows, search for cmd.exe. Shortcut - Windows button + R, then type cmd) -- 3. We'll now connect with MySQL database in command line prompt. Follow the steps below: -- Copy the path of your MySQL bin directory in your computer. (Normally it is under c drive program files). -- The bin directory of MySQL Server is generally in this path - C:\Program Files\MySQL\MySQL Server 8.0\bin -- Now, in the Command Line prompt, type    -- cd C:\Program Files\MySQL\MySQL Server 8.0\bin    -- and press enter.   -- 4. Connect to the MySQL database using the following command in command line prompt   -- mysql -u root -p   -- (please replace "root" with your user name that you must have configured while installing MySQL server) -- (press enter, it will ask for the password, give your password)   -- 5. If you are successfully logged to mysql, -- then set the global variables by using below command so that data can be imported from local computer folder.   -- mysql> SET GLOBAL local_infile=1;   -- Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec) -- (you've just instructed MySQL server to allow local file upload from your computer)   -- 6. Quit current server connection: -- mysql> quit -- Bye   -- 7. Load the file from CSV file to the MySQL database. In order to do this, please follow the commands: -- (We'll connect with the MySQL server again with the local-infile system variable.  -- This basically means you want to upload data into a database table from your local machine)   -- mysql --local-infile=1 -u root -p -- (give password)   -- - Show Databases; -- (It'll show all the databases in MySQL server.)   -- - mysql> USE fs_db2; -- (makes the database that you had created in step 1 as default schema to use for the next sql scripts) -- (Use your Database and load the file into the table.   -- The next step is to load the data from local case study folder into the transactionmaster table in fs_db2 database)   -- mysql> LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE 'D:\\_Ivy Professional School\\_Data Analytics\\Course Design\\SQL - RDBMS\\Share With Students\\SQL Case Studies\\SQL Case Study\\SQL Case 3\\Case 3 - Facility Services SQL - Data & Qns\\transactionmaster.csv' -- INTO TABLE TransactionMaster -- FIELDS TERMINATED BY ',' -- ENCLOSED BY '"' -- LINES TERMINATED BY '\r\n' IGNORE 1 ROWS;   -- *VERY IMP - Please replace single backward (\) slash in the path with double back slashes (\\) instead of single slash* -- Also note that "transactionmaster" is my table name, use the table name that you've given while creating the database in step 1.   -- 8. Now check if data has been imported or not.   -- SELECT * FROM transactionmaster LIMIT 20;   -- 9. If data has been imported successfully with 100% accuracy without error, -- then alter the table to update the datatypes (if needed) of some columns, etc. You're all set now.
